Wuhan new coronavirus epidemic prevention information collection platform

In response to the outbreak of the new coronavirus in Wuhan in early 2020, this project aims to collect information from hospitals, hotels, factories, logistics, donations, donations, prevention, treatment, and dynamics, and uniformly collect and release them for the various parties Information exchange and effective deployment of social resources.

This warehouse is the main data warehouse. All data is automatically submitted and imported by the script. Please do not directly submit data information in this warehouse. For specific data submission channels, please refer to this document.

Collaboration process

In order to facilitate everyone's collaboration, this platform builds the following collaboration process

img

Except for the manual review of information, the other parts are automated and should not require manual intervention.

The platform's main open source projects

data synchronization

Code repository: https://github.com/wuhan2020/data-sync
Progressive web application

Code warehouse: https://github.com/wuhan2020/WebApp
Formal environment: https://wuhan2020.kaiyuanshe.cn/
Back-end service: https://github.com/wuhan2020/rest-api
API services

Code warehouse: https://github.com/wuhan2020/api-server
Map visualization components

Code warehouse: https://github.com/wuhan2020/map-viz
Graphite Synchronization Components

Code warehouse: https://github.com/wuhan2020/shimo-sheet2json
Data submission

The information collected by this platform includes the following types of data submission, please report and fill in separately.

This platform uses graphite documents to collect data information, and the script periodically synchronizes data to the warehouse. Please do not modify the data files directly in the warehouse.

Due to the large number of participants, the editing rights of all personnel are not open. Please fill out the application here, and will direct invitations to specific forms for information entry.

Graphite document address:

hospital
Hotel
Logistics
produce
Donate
Free consultation
Accommodation information for tourists in Wuhan
Contribution Guide

please click here

Information Collection Guide

please click here

Slack Communication Group

Click to join the Slack community

Everyone is welcome to join together to discuss various technical or non-technical issues. Let us all work together to achieve a common goal and overcome the difficulties!

FAQ (Continuous update, recruit volunteers to maintain together)

The FAQ for the entire project has been organized, please check

Information Group FAQ, please see

Please click on the graphite document
